This cup made me fight in
several moments we all knew about the
overfilling of the incompetence of
the theft of all manipulation because
was involved in the construction of this
but as someone who loves his father.
truth can twist against its own
selection as you find a boy has been
top scorer of the cups up to the
final as twisting against david luiz
who enchanted the country with its claw and
control your humility as twisting
against Julius Caesar who came smaller
internal overcoming where he made
everything to take Brazil further or
how to cheat against each player
that I do everything within the field to
It was not Bruno's fault and I
I confess that I twisted
I screamed and hit the chest for the selection
because the man this country and I want
He always wins but I believe that the
It was better we lost and better.
still have lost how we lost the
tram take a burst of 71 in one
semifinal when Brazil is the home is that
ends with that false sense that
Is everything okay in this country?
the worst legacy that this cup could leave
it is from a country that they stop one year
call for health education and the end of
corruption and in the other year the country
a world cup deceives you and make it one more
manipulated by a false sense of
that is okay
it would be good if the Brazilian had a
little joy in the midst of so much
disgrace but better than Brazil
win the world cup is he win
elections that will define their future and
To tell you the truth, brother, I wanted to.
without fear of Brazil but I do not
I had notion of how much this copy
to interfere in the elections but I want to
say something
the humiliation is not to be defeated in the
football field but we will be
defeated in justice at work and
health education and dignity and safety
every day the greatest humiliation is censored
by a mediocre party that manipulates
population and the worst is that it is the
The truth is that the Brazilian takes a
every day of a system of a government that
ridicules you with the highest taxes
of the world and exchange absolutely nothing
so I want to remind you that the
Brazil is not well to corruption ever
censorship was so evident that it was never
both because the highest censorship exists
that disguised as democracy and in that
the current government of that country is
specialist so that's why it's important
us to be humiliated in football
show us that we are
humiliated every day as Brazilians by
Have you ever tried to buy a car?
In this country, I do not know if you know more.
stations and the abuses of concessionaires
make a car here in Brazil worth 3
of the same cars in the United States and
two of the same cars in Argentina
people twisted we vibrated and people went
along with Brazil in the field but is
It's time to go back and do it again.
without violence without break without breaks
put up with any black block destroyer
manifests day 13 just after the final
because we do not want to ruin the end
that deserved it's there we'll be in the
main streets squares and points of the
our cities to tell them that the
that they did what they do
with us is more than us still
we want to leave a final legacy to
this cup and this is the best time to
This, please join us with the
brazil shirt to fight once again
for us against corruption
handling and against the
together last legacy I ask that
spread these videos to everyone
as fast as possible because
we have less than a week to
get a big hug to you I hope
all in the following places
the campaign was good then in force 30
years and no reader
they did 30
the law came and it was in her that